Latent Friend Mining from Blog Data.
Frequent Closed Itemset Mining Using Prefix Graphs with an Efficient Flow-Based Pruning Strategy.
Mining Latent Associations of Objects Using a Typed Mixture Model--A Case Study on Expert/Expertise Mining.
Boosting the Feature Space: Text Classification for Unstructured Data on the Web.
An Information Theoretic Approach to Detection of Minority Subsets in Database.
Fast On-line Kernel Learning for Trees.
Learning to Use a Learned Model: A Two-Stage Approach to Classification.
Bayesian State Space Modeling Approach for Measuring the Effectiveness of Marketing Activities and Baseline Sales from POS Data.
Detecting Link Spam Using Temporal Information.
Confident Identification of Relevant Objects Based on Nonlinear Rescaling Method and Transductive Inference.
Lazy Bagging for Classifying Imbalanced Data.
Efficient Algorithms for Mining Significant Substructures in Graphs with Quality Guarantees.
Finding Predictive Runs with LAPS.
Mining Frequent Itemsets in a Stream.
Extracting Product Comparisons from Discussion Boards.
DUSC: Dimensionality Unbiased Subspace Clustering.
Block-Iterative Algorithms for Non-negative Matrix Approximation.
Cross-Mining Binary and Numerical Attributes.
Efficient Kernel Discriminant Analysis via Spectral Regression.
Improving Knowledge Discovery in Document Collections through Combining Text Retrieval and Link Analysis Techniques.
The Chosen Few: On Identifying Valuable Patterns.
Change-Point Detection in Time-Series Data Based on Subspace Identification.
Using Burstiness to Improve Clustering of Topics in News Streams.
Mining Statistical Information of Frequent Fault-Tolerant Patterns in Transactional Databases.
On Appropriate Assumptions to Mine Data Streams: Analysis and Practice.
Can the Content of Public News Be Used to Forecast Abnormal Stock Market Behaviour?
A Pairwise Covariance-Preserving Projection Method for Dimension Reduction.
Preserving Privacy through Data Generation.
Efficient Discovery of Frequent Approximate Sequential Patterns.
Mining Interpretable Human Strategies: A Case Study.
Disk Aware Discord Discovery: Finding Unusual Time Series in Terabyte Sized Datasets.
Incorporating User Provided Constraints into Document Clustering.
A Support Vector Approach to Censored Targets.
Supervised Learning by Training on Aggregate Outputs.
Cocktail Ensemble for Regression.
How Much Noise Is Too Much: A Study in Automatic Text Classification.
Topical N-Grams: Phrase and Topic Discovery, with an Application to Information Retrieval.
Consensus Clusterings.
Spectral Regression: A Unified Approach for Sparse Subspace Learning.
Data Discretization Unification.
Temporal Analysis of Semantic Graphs Using ASALSAN.
Discovering Temporal Communities from Social Network Documents.
Optimizing Frequency Queries for Data Mining Applications.
Training Conditional Random Fields by Periodic Step Size Adaptation for Large-Scale Text Mining.
Latent Dirichlet Conditional Naive-Bayes Models.
Dynamic Micro Targeting: Fitness-Based Approach to Predicting Individual Preferences.
A Text Classification Framework with a Local Feature Ranking for Learning Social Networks.
Predicting Blogging Behavior Using Temporal and Social Networks.
Web Site Recommendation Using HTTP Traffic.
Trend Motif: A Graph Mining Approach for Analysis of Dynamic Complex Networks.
Solving Consensus and Semi-supervised Clustering Problems Using Nonnegative Matrix Factorization.
Bandit-Based Algorithms for Budgeted Learning.
Multilevel Belief Propagation for Fast Inference on Markov Random Fields.
Active Learning from Data Streams.
Depth-Based Novelty Detection and Its Application to Taxonomic Research.
Parallel Mining of Frequent Closed Patterns: Harnessing Modern Computer Architectures.
Statistical Learning Algorithm for Tree Similarity.
Efficient Data Sampling in Heterogeneous Peer-to-Peer Networks.
Lightweight Distributed Trust Propagation.
Social Network Extraction of Academic Researchers.
Mechanism Design for Clustering Aggregation by Selfish Systems.
Scalable Collaborative Filtering with Jointly Derived Neighborhood Interpolation Weights.
Exploration of Link Structure and Community-Based Node Roles in Network Analysis.
Document Transformation for Multi-label Feature Selection in Text Categorization.
A Generalization of Proximity Functions for K-Means.
Recommendation via Query Centered Random Walk on K-Partite Graph.
Binary Matrix Factorization with Applications.
Weighted Additive Criterion for Linear Dimension Reduction.
A Cascaded Approach to Biomedical Named Entity Recognition Using a Unified Model.
Using Significant, Positively Associated and Relatively Class Correlated Rules for Associative Classification of Imbalanced Datasets.
Language-Independent Set Expansion of Named Entities Using the Web.
On Meta-Learning Rule Learning Heuristics.
Understanding Discrete Classifiers with a Case Study in Gene Prediction.
ORIGAMI: Mining Representative Orthogonal Graph Patterns.
Structure-Based Statistical Features and Multivariate Time Series Clustering.
Rule Cubes for Causal Investigations.
Non-redundant Multi-view Clustering via Orthogonalization.
Analyzing and Detecting Review Spam.
Detecting Subdimensional Motifs: An Efficient Algorithm for Generalized Multivariate Pattern Discovery.
Optimal Subsequence Bijection.
A Novel Criterion for Onset Detection: Differential Information Redundancy with Application to Human Movement Initiation.
An Efficient Spectral Algorithm for Network Community Discovery and Its Applications to Biological and Social Networks.
Connections between Mining Frequent Itemsets and Learning Generative Models.
Local Probabilistic Models for Link Prediction.
Sampling for Sequential Pattern Mining: From Static Databases to Data Streams.
gApprox: Mining Frequent Approximate Patterns from a Massive Network.
A Computational Approach to Style in American Poetry.
Locally Constrained Support Vector Clustering.
estMax: Tracing Maximal Frequent Itemsets over Online Data Streams.
Finding Cohesive Clusters for Analyzing Knowledge Communities.
Zonal Co-location Pattern Discovery with Dynamic Parameters.
Prism: A Primal-Encoding Approach for Frequent Sequence Mining.
Succinct Matrix Approximation and Efficient k-NN Classification.
Incremental Subspace Clustering over Multiple Data Streams.
Bayesian Folding-In with Dirichlet Kernels for PLSI.
A Semantic Kernel for Semi-structured DocumentS.
Community Learning by Graph Approximation.
Detecting Fractures in Classifier Performance.
Co-ranking Authors and Documents in a Heterogeneous Network.
Transitional Patterns and Their Significant Milestones.
Failure Prediction in IBM BlueGene/L Event Logs.
Sample Selection for Maximal Diversity.
Semi-supervised Document Clustering via Active Learning with Pairwise Constraints.
Improving Text Classification by Using Encyclopedia Knowledge.
High-Speed Function Approximation.
Maximum Entropy Based Significance of Itemsets.
Computing Correlation Anomaly Scores Using Stochastic Nearest Neighbors.
Noise Modeling with Associative Corruption Rules.
Local Word Bag Model f